Hey Aiea junk removal junk force
went up three flights of stairs for this
job was really big. This is kind of a
victory lap.
Yeah, we finished up but
hauled away lots of cabinets and lots
and lots of trash out of here. We took
out the refrigerator,
removed the stove, cleared all the
cabinets.
Just lots of debris and junk all cleared
all up there. So the floor probably
going to have to redo it. But there was
junk everywhere. Every closet
cleared them all out. Done. This room
really bad. There was beds and cabinets
and probably about a foot thick layer of
junk.
Everything cleared out. You might
remember that area up on top. So in this
room, there's beds and cabinets. Took
all that out. Swept the floor as much as
possible. Anything you see on the floor
is stuck there. So cleared out this
cabinet. And this is the carpenter
stuff.
But yeah, so we finished this job and
we'd like to earn your business. No job
is too difficult. and we're happy to
accommodate any special requirements
that you have. Um, my name is James
Tucker. Aloha to you and we are Aiea
Junk Removal Junk Force. Thanks for
watching. Call (808)724-0444
watching. Call (808)-724-0444
or you can send your junk pictures to
junkphoto@icloud.com.
Aloha. Mahalo.